>> Mike North: They way this
course is going to flow,
we're first going to deal with becoming
expert users of Visual Studio Code.
And then we're gonna get into
how we can fine tune it.
Customize the way it operates.
One of the things that
is a little challenging,
whenever I'm learning about a new editor
like this, is all of the key bindings and
all of little tips and tricks.
I'm going to try to sprinkle those on
this course like seasoning, right?
So we'll learn those as
we go add a new one or
two with every exercise that we tackle,
so that I'm not just dumping
a big list of key strokes on you like
at ones, which is always difficult.
The first one I'm gonna show you here,
this is cmd + D.
And I told you you can bring
your key bindings with you.
So I'm showing you these
sublime oriented key binding.
You can find this one.
It's gonna be add next occurrence
under the selection menu.
So, if you've got a different
key map installed,
let me change my resolution
here just to make it bigger.
>> Mike North: Cuz the menus
are a little harder to see.
>> Mike North: I'm just gonna go
down to 720, that should be better.
>> Mike North: So if we say Selection,
Add Next Occurrence.
So I've got cmd+D there.
What this one does.
>> Mike North: Let me go to the README
we've been looking at here.
So, if I select,
put my cursor inside a inside a word and
I hit cmd+D,it will select the whole word.
And if I keep hitting cmd+D over and
over again,
it'll actually select the next occurrence.
And you will notice we have
multiple occurences here.
So I can like add new
characters along the way.
This is one that I recommend you,
like focus on and try to love.
Try to incorporate into development,
because it lets you let's see if I can,
if it's case insensitive.
It is case insensitive.
So, if you're trying to like
rename a variable or something.
This is one way to do it.
We'll look at better ways for
that specific case.
But if you can now,
maybe you're dealing with like an open and
close tag of a particular
type of dom element or
a particular React component,
like this is an easy way to go about this.
>> Mike North: So
we will learn those as we go, so
that hopefully they sink in a little bit
better rather than one consolidated dom.
We'll be working with both JavaScript and
TypeScript today,
you do not need to know TypeScript.
We will talk about types, and
like what is going on in terms of
how TypeScript understands types.
But this is not a requirement.
It's not required that you know this.
If you can work with JavaScript,
you should be fine here.
>> Mike North: So with that,
let's jump into using Visual Studio code.
You can actually click on these links.
>> Mike North: And I'm gonna just click up
here which is, Open Preview to the Side.
And we're on our next document.
>> Mike North: So, this is the general
outline of all of the topics were
gonna hit.
We'll first talk about
building great documents.
Mark down and otherwise.
We'll then dive into something
called Emmet which is,
I've been using Emmet for about a decade.
And it's one of these things that
if you spend just a little bit of
time learning it, even if you only
ever get into it at a simple level,
it can really speed up your workflow.
It can make mundane things easy and fast.
And it is like really impressive
to be able to move so
quickly to generate HTML with Emmet.
So we'll dive into what exactly
that is and how to use it.
We'll look at some simple and then
increasingly complex refactoring cases.
We will talk about Type-Checking,
and how we can check our JavaScript,
and add type information without making
the full transition to using TypeScript.
We'll just stick with regular JavaScript
and see how much Typescript can do for
us, without us actually
adopting the language.
And then finally,
we will deal with all of the great
debugging functionality inside VS code.
I think with the exception
of the documents,
because I don't need us to write
a document as an exercise here.
These four are each gonna have
about like a 20 minute intro, and
then exercise, we're gonna do it together.